// The data below were copied that from sas111ke.pdf
// Step 1: Copy data from pdf
// Step 2 Replace all "\n" with "\t"
// Step 3: Reformat the data ensuring that there is a tab ("\t) delimiter between "No", "Column", "Field Name" and "ID".
// Step 4: Make sure that each new row is on a new line.
1		Output Common Field	an	398	M	Output the following items on a mail subject.- Prior Notification Code: 3-digits- B/L Number: 35-digits
2		B/L Number	an	35	M
3		Master B/L Number	an	35	C	Output related master B/L number if the B/L is house B/L.
4		Prior Notification Code	an	3	M	(1) Prior notification code will be outputted if the code isregistered in the Advance Cargo Information DB.(2) Prior notification code will be outputted if the code isregistered in the Cargo Information DB.(2) Output "DNU" if "DNU" of relevant house B/L is notified forDMF or CMF02 procedure.(4) Output entered prior notification code if prior notification islifted in manual operation.(*) This code will be outputted in the following position ofprinted sheet: 1. Next to the title of the printed sheet 2. Next to Master B/L number
5		Prior NotificationSubject	an	210	C	(1) The subject will be outputted if the subject is registered in theAdvance Cargo Information DB.(2) The subject will be outputted if the subject is registered in theCargo Information DB.(3) Prior notification subject will be outputted if the priornotification of risk assessment results are registered with therelevant House B/L in the system.(4) Output entered prior notification subject if prior notificationis lifted in manual operation.
6		Jurisdictional CustomsOffice Code	an	2	M	(1) Jurisdictional customs office code will be outputted if theoffice code exercising jurisdiction over the port of discharge isregistered in the Advance Cargo Information DB.(2) Jurisdictional customs office code will be outputted if theoffice code exercising jurisdiction over the port of discharge isregistered in the Cargo Information DB.
7		Jurisdictional CustomsOffice Name	an	10	M	(1) Jurisdictional customs office name will be outputted if theoffice name exercising jurisdiction over the port of discharge isregistered in the Advance Cargo Information DB.(2) Jurisdictional customs office name will be outputted if theoffice name exercising jurisdiction over the port of discharge isregistered in the Cargo Information DB.
8		Vessel Code	an	9	M	Call Sign	(1) Vessel code will be outputted if the code is registered in theAdvance Cargo Information DB.(2) Vessel code will be outputted if the code is registered in theCargo Information DB.
9		Laden Vessel Name	an	35	M	(1) Laden vessel name will be outputted if the name is registeredin the Advance Cargo Information DB.(2) Laden vessel name will be outputted if the name is registeredin the Cargo Information DB.
10		Voyage Number	an	10	C	(1) Voyage number will be outputted if the number is registered inthe Advance Cargo Information DB.(2) Voyage number will be outputted if the number is registered inthe Cargo Information DB.
11		Carrier Code	an	4	M	(1) Carrier code will be outputted if the code is registered in theAdvance Cargo Information DB.(2) Carrier code will be outputted if the code is registered in theCargo Information DB.
12		Date of Advance CargoInformationRegistration	n	8	C	Date of advance cargo information registration will be outputted ifthe date is registered in the Advance Cargo Information DB.
13		Time of Advance CargoInformationRegistration	n	4	C	Time of advance cargo information registration will be outputtedif the time is registered in the Advance Cargo Information DB.
14		Date of Departure	n	8	C	Date of departure will be outputted if the date is registered in theAdvance Cargo Information DB.
15		Time of Departure	n	4	C	Time of departure will be outputted if the time is registered in theAdvance Cargo Information DB.
16		Details of Notifications(Directions)	an	210	10	C	(1) Details of notifications (directions) will be outputted if thedetails are registered in the Advance Cargo Information DB.(2) Details of notifications (directions) will be outputted if thedetails are registered in the Cargo Information DB.(3) "Space" will be outputted if the prior notification of riskassessment results are registered with the relevant House B/L inthe system.(4) Output "Space" if prior notification is lifted in manualti
17		Contact Name	an	70	M
18		Spare Field	an	140	M	Not in use.
19		Contact TelephoneNumber	an	15	M
20		Contact FAX Number	an	15	M
21		Contact E-mail Address	an	70	M	Alphabets are output in capital letters only.(*) If e-mail address is used to send an e-mail, e-mail addressoutput in capital letters should be uncapitalized.(Example)In case "JAPAN-CUSTOMS@CUSTOMS.GO.JP" is output, e-mail address need to be converted to "japan-customs@customs.go.jp" to send an e-mail.