// The data below were copied that from sas108ke.pdf
// Step 1: Copy data from pdf
// Step 2 Replace all "\n" with "\t"
// Step 3: Reformat the data ensuring that there is a tab ("\t) delimiter between "No", "Column", "Field Name" and "ID".
// Step 4: Make sure that each new row is on a new line.
1		Output Common Field	an 398 M	Output the following items on a mail subject.	- Vessel Code: 9-digits	- Voyage Number: 10-digits	- Carrier Code: 4-digits	- "Port of Loading Code + Port of Loading Suffix"	or	"Port of Discharge Code + Port of Discharge Suffix" : 6-digits
2		Vessel Code	an 9 M	Call Sign (1) Output vessel code in the Advance Filing Management DB for	ATD procedure et al.	(2) Output vessel code in the Manifest Management DB for DMF	or CMF02 procedure.
3		Voyage Number	an 10 C	(1) Output voyage number in the Advance Filing Management DB	for ATD procedure et al.	(2) Output voyage number in the Manifest Management DB for	DMF or CMF02 procedure.
4		Carrier Code	an 4 M	(1) Output carrier code in the Advance Filing Management DB for	ATD procedure et al.	(2) Output carrier code in the Manifest Management DB for DMF	or CMF02 procedure.
5		Port of Loading Code	an 5 C	UN/LOCODE Output port of discharge suffix in the Advance Filing Management	DB for ATD procedure et al.
6		Port of Loading Suffix	an 1 C	Output port of loading suffix in the Advance Filing Management	DB for ATD procedure et al.
7		Date of Departure	n 8 C	Output date of departure in the Advance Filing Management DB	(date of departure registered in ATD procedure) for ATD	procedure.
8		Time of Departure	n 4 C	Output time of departure in the Advance Filing Management DB	(time of departure registered in ATD procedure) for ATD	procedure.
9		Time Difference from Greenwich Mean Time	an 5 C	Output time difference from Greenwich Mean Time in the Advance	Filing Management DB for ATD procedure et al.
10		Relaxed Application Area Identifier	an 1 C	Output relaxed application area identifier in the Advance Filing	Management DB for ATD procedure.
11		Port of Discharge Code	an 5 C	UN/LOCODE Output port of discharge code in the Manifest Management DB for	DMF procedure.
12		Port of Discharge Suffix	an 1 C	Output port of discharge suffix in the Manifest Management DB	for DMF procedure.
13		Date of Arrival	n 8 C	Output date of arrival in the Manifest Management DB for DMF	procedure.
14		Overflow Identifier	an 1 C	Output to inform overflow of message.	Y: Some B/L is not outputted, because more than 100 B/L are	corresponding to the departure time registration.	(IML or IMI is required to check whole B/Ls.)
15	100	B/L Number	an 35 M	(1) Output B/L number in the Advance Cargo Information DB in	ascending order.	(2) Output B/L number inputted for CMR procedure.	(3) Output inputted house B/L number and master B/L number for	CHR procedure.	(4) Output cargo management number detected as discrepancy in	ascending order for DMF procedure.	(5) Discrepancy B/Ls only.
16	*	Discrepancy Identifier (no House B/L)	an 1 C	Output to inform no House B/L is registered for ATD procedure et	al.	H: AMR and CMR have been done. AHR and CHR have not been
17	*	Discrepancy Identifier (no Master B/L)	an 1 C	Output to inform no Master B/L is registered for ATD procedure et	al.	M: AMR and CMR have not been done. AHR and CHR have been
18	*	Discrepancy Identifier (Discrepancy in Vessel	Information)	an 1 C	Output to inform Discrepancy in Vessel Information for ATD	procedure et al.	S: There is vessel information discrepancy between master B/L and	house B/L.
19	*	Discrepancy Identifier (Overdue Reporting)	an 1 C	Output to inform Overdue Reporting for ATD procedure et al.	T: Overdue Reporting
20	*	Discrepancy Identifier (Incomplete Advance Filing)	an 1 C	Output to inform Incomplete Advance Filing for DMF or CMF02	procedure.	A: Incomplete Advance Filing
21	*	Discrepancy Identifier (Incomplete Departure Time Registration)	an 1 C	Output to inform Incomplete Departure Time Registration for DMF	or CMF02 procedure.	D: ATD has not been done.