R005 : ‘Item no’ (box 32) is always used even if ‘Items’ (box 5) = ‘1’, ‘Item no’ (box 32) is also ‘1’
R007 : Each ‘Item no’ (box 32) is unique throughout the declaration. The items shall be numbered in a sequential fashion, starting from '1' for the first item and incrementing the numbering by '1' for each following item".
R010 : When the same Consignor is declared FOR ALL GOODS ITEMS, the data group ‘TRADER Consignor (box 2)’ on HEADER level is used. The data group ‘TRADER Consignor (ex box 2)’ on GOODS ITEM level cannot be used
R011 : When the same Consignee is declared FOR ALL GOODS ITEMS, the data group ‘TRADER Consignee (box 8)’ on HEADER level is used. The data group ‘TRADER Consignee (ex box 8)’ on GOODS ITEM level cannot be used
R012 : The attribute is sent if it was provided in the corresponding message that was received from the Trader.
R015 : The data group ‘TRADER Authorised Consignee (box 53)’ can be used to indicate that simplified procedure will be used at destination.
R020 : When the declaration type (box 1 or ex box 1) = ‘T2’ and the movement is issued in a non-EU country (identified by the Office of Departure), the Principal must declare at least one ‘Previous document type’ (box 40) = ‘T2’, ‘T2L’, ‘T2F’, ‘T2LF’, ‘T2CIM’, ‘T2TIR’ or ‘T2ATA’ followed by its reference in ‘Previous document reference’.
R027 : Either ‘Additional information coded’ or ‘Text’ of the data group ‘SPECIAL MENTIONS’ (Box 44) is required in case ‘SPECIAL MENTIONS’ is used.
R036 : Condition ‘C10’ cannot be checked in case "Transport mode at border" (Box 25) is not used
R041 : ‘Agreed Location Of Goods’/’Agreed Location Code’, ‘Authorised location of goods’ and ‘Customs sub place’ (box 30) cannot be used at the same time.
R060 : When the Trader uses Commodity codes then he must declare at least 4 and up to 8 digits of the commodity code
R075 : ‘Export from EC’ and ‘Export from country’ cannot be used at the same time. When ‘Export from EC’ is used, its value is set to ‘1’.
R100 : The attribute is used as the basic language to be used in any further communication between the Trader at Departure and the Customs system. If the Trader does not use this attribute then the Customs system will use the default language of the office concerned.
R105 : The total number of packages is equal to the sum of all ‘Number of packages’ + all ‘Number of pieces’ + a value of ‘1’ for each declared ‘bulk’.
R123 : From the originally received IE, only the attributes in error are transmitted back to the Trader, indicating whether the attribute(s) in question is missing or incorrect
R135 : The IE retransmits back to the Trader the whole E_DEC_DAT received associating to each single attribute, when the case occurs, the data group ‘RESULTS OF CONTROL’.
R143 : The data in the IE corresponds always to the current (latest) version of the transit declaration data. This means that it contains the amended declaration data (if any) and/or the revised declaration data after a control (if any) and completed with the departure control results.
R145 : At least one occurrence of this data group must be present in the message
R150 : The attribute ‘Corrected value’ of the data group ‘RESULTS OF CONTROL’ is linked with each single attribute that can be subject of a control and therefore it must reflect the same characteristics of the original message attribute
R155 : The data group SGI-CODES must be present in case the declaration contains Sensitive Goods, otherwise it cannot be used
R156 : A ‘Sensitive Quantity’ is always required when the movement contains sensitive goods (see also Rule 155). The ‘Sensitive Goods Code’ is not always required when the movement contains sensitive goods. If the HS6 commodity code (Box 33) is enough to uniquely identify a sensitive good then the ‘Sensitive Goods Code’ is not required. If the HS6 commodity code (Box 33) is not enough to uniquely identify a sensitive good then the ‘Sensitive Goods Code’ becomes required.
R160 : The data group CONTROL RESULTS must be present in case the declaration is submitted under simplified procedure
R165 : The data group SEALS INFO must be present in case the declaration is submitted under simplified procedure, for which the Authorised Consignor’s authorisation requires the use of seals. If the Authorised Consignor has a seals waiver as part of their authorisation, the word 'waiver' should be entered in the ‘Seals Identity’ field and the value zero in the ‘Seals Number’ field.
R174 : When simplified procedure is used then the EORI-TIN becomes ‘R’ else the EORI-TIN is ‘O’.
R175 : Two possible values : ‘0’ = ‘No’ : Request to cancel initiated by Trader ‘1’ = ‘Yes’ : Request to cancel initiated by Customs
R180 : Two possible values : Cancellation refused by Customs : Decision = ‘0’ (=NO) Cancellation accepted by Customs : Decision = ‘1’ (=YES)
R181 : The data group is required if different from the 'TRADER Principal' (otherwise it is optional).
R186 : ‘Unloading completion’ is used as a flag, it can contain 2 possible values; ‘0’ = ‘NO’ This means that the unloading of the goods is not yet completed; ‘1’ = ‘YES’ This means that the goods are completely unloaded.
R190 : Either ‘New transport means identity’ and ‘New transport means nationality’ OR ‘New container number’ OR both must be used when ‘TRANSHIPMENT’ occurred 
R195 : The purpose of this IE is to communicate the permission to start unload the goods (or to go on with the unloading) to the Authorised Consignee.
R200 : ‘State of seals ok’ is used as a flag and can contain 2 values: ‘State of seals ok’ = ‘0’ (NO) ‘State of seals ok’ = ‘1’ (YES).
R205 : ‘Conform’ is used as a flag, it can contain 2 possible values; ‘0’ = ‘NO’ there are unloading remarks; ‘1’ = ‘YES’ no unloading remarks present.
R206 : When no seals are found attached to the consignment and the information brought in by the AAR indicated the use of seals then SEALS ID cannot be used, also, the attribute ‘Seals Number’ is set to zero and an explanation must be given in ‘Unloading Remark’ (=‘R’). In all other cases the data group  SEALS ID is required
R229 : The attribute is used to distinguish between cases where the NCTS is used (Security = '1') and not used (Security = not present) for safety and security purposes
R230 : This attribute is used as a flag; its value can be either ‘0’ (‘no’) or ‘1’ (‘yes’).
R231 : The value of this attribute must be one of the Common Transit countries with the exclusion of LI and SJ.
R240 : When the data group 'EN ROUTE EVENT' is present then the data groups 'INCIDENT' or 'TRANSHIPMENT' or both must be present, complemented, where relevant, with the data group 'SEALS INFO'.
R245 : 'Customs sub place', 'Arrival authorised location of goods' and 'Arrival Agreed Location Of Goods/Arrival Agreed Location Code' cannot be used at the same time.
R330 : The use of PLLs having been suppressed and all offices being NCTS offices, this data group/attribute can no longer be used.
R335 : The data groups ‘CONTROL RESULT’ and where necessary ‘SEALS INFO’ become required only when a control by Customs took place at premises of the Authorised Consignor.
R340 : When the messages IE043 E_ULD_PER and/or IE007 E_ARR_NOT contain SEALS INFO then the 'State of seals ok' must be communicated.
R470 : The IE15 allows the usage of commodity codes up to 8 digits (national), however only the first six digits are sent to destination with the AAR (international) and to the Office(s) of Transit with the ATR (international).
R510 : The attribute ‘Continue unloading’ of the data group CTL-CONTROL indicates with its progressive numbering, starting from 1,that the IE43 is transmitted to give the first or further permission to continuethe unloading. Where the IE brings the permission to start the unloading then all the information as specified in the IE is transmitted, except for the data group CTL_CONTROL which cannot be used. Where the IE communicates the permission to continue the unloading then only attribute MRN of the HEADER data group and the data groups CTL_CONTROL, TRADER at Destination and CUSTOMS OFFICE. Presentation Office with the attribute MRN are used, all the other data groups and attributes cannot be used.
R660 : The time has to be given in the format YYYYMMDDHHMM where: YYYY = Year, MM = Month, DD = Day, HH = Hour, MM = Minute
R700 : This information is not required when goods of different type covered by the same declaration are packed together in such a way that it is impossible to determine the gross mass of each type of goods.
R825 : The 'Specific circumstance indicator' with value 'E' (AEO) can be used only under the following condition: The Office of Departure is located in the Community: the 'Principal' and all declared 'Consignors-security' have a valid AEO certificate of type 'AEOF' or 'AEOS'. The Office of Departure is not located in the Community: the 'Principal' and all declared 'Consignees-security' have a valid AEO certificate of type 'AEOF' or 'AEOS'.
R876 : If the same 'Commercial reference number' is declared for all goods items, the attribute 'Commercial reference number' (box 7) on HEADER level is used. The attribute 'Commercial reference number' (ex box 7) on GOODS ITEM level can not be used.
R900 : When "Type of declaration" = 'TIR', the TIR Carnet Number must be used here, that must correspond to the Document Reference of Document Type '952' in PRODUCED DOCUMENTS/CERTIFICATES.
R901 : When "Type of declaration" = 'TIR', the country code (first two digits) in the code of OoDep/ OoDes must have the country regime 'EEC'.
R902 : When "Type of declaration" = 'TIR', CUSTOMS OFFICE of Transit cannot be used.
R903 : When "Type of declaration" = 'TIR', Control Result Code 'A3' cannot be used.
R904 : When the country code of Office of Departure (box C) is AD or SM, the country regime of the country of Office of Destination (box 53) can only be 'EEC'.
R905 : When the country of Office of Departure (box C) is EFTA, the country code of Office of Destination (box 53) cannot be 'AD' or 'SM'.
R906 : When the country code of Office of Destination (box 53) is 'AD', the country code of Office of Transit can only be 'AD'.
R907 : When the country code of Office of Destination (box 53) is 'SM', the country regime of the country of Office of Transit can only be 'EEC'.
R908 : When the country of Office of Departure (box C) is EFTA, the country code of Office of Transit cannot be 'AD' or 'SM'.
R909 : When the country code of Office of Destination (box 53) is ‘SM’ and the country code of Office of Departure (box C) is 'IT', declaration type (box 1) can only be ‘T2SM’. When the country code of Office of Destination (box 53) is ‘SM’ and the country code of Office of Departure (box C) is not 'IT', declaration type (box 1) can only be ‘T2’ or ‘T2F’
R910 : When the country code of Office of Departure (box C) is 'AD' or 'SM', the country regime of the country of Office of Transit can only be 'EEC'.