WiseTech Denied Party Screening Service
The WTG Denied Party Screening Service facilitates the screening of your record against government and authority sanctioned and denied party lists.
In addition to government and authority sanctioned lists, denied party screening also screens against research derived data provided to WTG by providers who research the entities and vessels associated with sanctioned persons. These providers are currently 1nteger, LLC (trading as Kharon), and Factiva Limited (trading as Dow Jones). This data is provided to facilitate better adherence to OFAC’s and the EU’s 50% rules.
End User Agreement
Before using the denied party screening service (“Service”), you must accept the following terms and conditions (“Terms”). These Terms are a legal contract between you and WTG so it is important that you review them carefully before using the Service. Your use of the Service indicates that you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms. If you do not agree to the Terms, you may not use the Service.
These Terms must be read in conjunction with the obligations imposed in the separate Maintenance and Licence Agreement you have separately entered into with WTG (“MLA”). In the event of any inconsistency between the Terms and the MLA, these Terms will prevail.
1.	Definitions
	In these Terms, capitalised terms have the meanings as set out below:
		“Applicable Data Protection Law” means all applicable laws and regulations governing the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of Personal Data (including without limitation, security requirements for and the free movement of such Personal Data), including, but not limited to: (a) the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (“GDPR”) and any national law implementing or supplementing the GDPR; and (b) in the event that the UK withdraws from the European Union, any UK laws or regulations replacing, succeeding or re-enacting the GDPR;
		“Criminal Data” means Personal Data relating to criminal convictions and offences or related security measures, including relating to the alleged commission of offences by a data subject or proceedings for an offence committed or alleged to have been committed by the data subject or the disposal of such proceedings, including sentencing;
		“Dow Jones Content” means the search results identified under “Denied Party Name” and “Other Info” where the words “Dow Jones” are contained in the Source List Name;
		“EEA” means the European Economic Area, consisting of all Member States of the European Union, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein, and shall also include Switzerland and the United Kingdom after its withdrawal from the European Union;
		“Kharon Content” means the search results identified under “Denied Party Name” and “Other Info” where the word “Kharon” is contained in the Source List Name;
		“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual;
		“Permitted User” means an individual authorised to access and use the Service and who is either an individual performing the functions of an employee, independent contractor or consultant, in each case who is performing work for you;
		“Process,” “Processing,” or “Processed” means any operation or set of operations that is or may be performed upon personal data in relation to or as a result of the Terms, whether or not by automatic means, including, but not limited to, collection, recording, organization, storage, access, transmission, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment, combination, blocking, disposal, deleting, erasure, or destruction;
		“Screening Data” means any and all Personal Data and/or other proprietary data Processed or transferred by a Third Party Provider (including the Kharon Content and Dow Jones Content) for the purposes of identifying sanctioned parties and their associates, and may include Special Categories of Data and Criminal Data.
		“Special Categories of Data” means Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, and data concerning health, a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation;
		“Third Party Provider” means Factiva Limited acting on behalf of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and 1nteger, LLC;
		“UK” means England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland; and
		“WTG” means WiseTech Global Limited or any of its affiliated companies.
2.	Licence
	2.1	WTG grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub licensable, and non-assignable licence to use the Screening Data subject to the Terms and the MLA.
	2.2	Your use of the Kharon Content is also subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy found at https://kharon.com/ and you understand that 1nteger, LLC is a beneficiary of your agreement to these terms and conditions and shall be entitled to enforce these terms and conditions against you.
3.	Terms of use
	3.1	You and your Permitted Users must use the Screening Data in compliance with these Terms and the MLA.
	3.2	You may only use the Screening Data for the following purposes, and you must ensure that the Screening Data is not used for any other purpose:
		(a)	performing customer or counterparty due diligence and other screening and risk management activities carried out to comply with legal or regulatory obligations to which you are subject, in particular “know your customer and counterparty” requirements under anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, corruption and economic sanctions regulation which apply to any member of your company group;
		(b)	performing a statutory role as a Governmental organisation;
		(c)	performing law enforcement duties;
		(d)	any establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims relating to clauses 3.2(a) to (c) above,
each to the extent permitted under, and subject always to, Applicable Data Protection Law.
	3.3	Except to the extent permitted or required for your permitted use under clause 3.2, you and your Permitted Users must not:
		3.3.1	reproduce, sub-licence, disseminate, distribute, display, sell, publish, broadcast or otherwise transfer the Screening Data to any third party, nor make the Screening Data available for any such use;
		3.3.2	create or store in electronic form any library or archive of the Screening Data save that, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, you shall be entitled to retain copies of the Screening Data necessary for archival, regulatory and/or compliance purposes; or
		3.3.3	display or use in any manner, any trademarks, logos or other intellectual property of a Third Party Provider.
	3.4	You acknowledge that each Third-Party Provider retains control and ownership of the form and content of the Screening Data provided by it. You and your Permitted Users will not at any time acquire any ownership rights in the Screening Data.
4.	Disclaimer
	4.1	You acknowledge that the Screening Data may be sourced from a Third Party Provider and is not verified nor endorsed by WTG. Neither WTG nor any Third Party Provider provides any guarantees about the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any Screening Data, and none of them shall be responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of the Screening Data. Except as specified in the Terms, all express or implied representations, warranties, conditions and undertakings in relation to the provision of the Screening Data are excluded.
	4.2	In no event shall WTG or any Third Party Provider be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss, damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit or opportunity costs) in connection with any use of the Service.
5.	Fair Credit Reporting Act
	5.1	You acknowledge that none of the Third Party Providers is a “consumer reporting agency” and that the Screening Data does not constitute a “consumer report” or “investigative consumer report” as such terms are defined in Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. §1681, et seq. (FCRA), or any applicable state or national fair credit reporting laws.
	5.2	You represent and warrant that you will not use the Screening Data in whole or part as a factor in establishing a consumer’s eligibility for credit or insurance to be used primarily for personal, family or household purposes, for employment purposes, or for any other purpose authorized under section 604 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. § 1681b) or applicable state or national fair credit reporting laws.
	5.3	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms, you agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Third Party Provider for any loss or damage suffered arising out of any breach by you of the representation and warranty given by you in clause 5.2.
6	Usage Information
	6.1	To enable WTG to measure usage of the Screening Data, WTG may provide your organisation’s name and the number of queries you have screened against the Screening Data to the Third Party Providers. This information will only be used to enable the Third Party Provider to determine amounts payable by WTG to the Third Party Provider. Under no circumstances will the Third Party Provider disclose such information to any third party, other than to members of its group companies or advisors on a need-to-know basis or use them for any other purpose whatsoever. By accepting these Terms, you consent to the collection and processing of your usage data for the purposes set out in this clause.
7	Data Privacy Obligations
	7.1	The Service involves the Processing of Personal Data, which may include Special Categories of Data and Criminal Data. You acknowledge that under certain Applicable Data Protection Laws, and in particular those of the EEA, the Processing of Special Categories of Data and Criminal Data is strictly regulated and is only permitted on specific legal bases.
	7.2	You acknowledge that, depending on the country or countries in which you are established and are using the Service, the laws of such country or countries may apply. You further acknowledge that in some jurisdictions (in particular some EEA countries), the legal bases for Processing Special Categories of Data and Criminal Data may be limited to performing due diligence and other screening activities in order to comply with your legal or regulatory obligations in the relevant country only. In those cases, you must ensure that the Processing of the Screening Data is limited to those purposes as authorized under relevant applicable law only (including Applicable Data Protection Law).
	7.3	Nothing in the Terms are to be taken to limit your obligation to comply with Applicable Data Protection Law.
	7.4	You must provide timely notice to WTG if you (a) receive an inquiry, a subpoena or a request for inspection or audit from a competent public authority relating to your use of the Screening Data; or (b) intend to disclose any part of the Screening Data to any competent public authority, to the extent legally possible.
	7.5	You will indemnify, defend and hold harmless WTG for any loss or damage suffered by it arising out of any breach by you of these Terms, and in particular this clause 7.
8	Suspension and Termination
	8.1	If at any time, WTG knows or reasonably suspects that you have breached any of the Terms, or becomes aware of any circumstance or change in Applicable Data Protection Law that is likely to have a substantial adverse impact on your ability to comply with the Terms,  WTG may suspend your access to the Screening Data, until such time that the non-compliance is remedied.
9	General
	9.1	These Terms are governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia.
	9.2	We may revise these Terms at any time. Any changes to these Terms will be effective as of the date they are posted on the Service. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we have made, as they are binding on you. These Terms were last updated on 18 February 2025.
